MTM-52839 New design Application solution & Enablement (#1055)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk.md

---

> title: Developing microservices with Microservice SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Developing and deploying microservices
```

  - app_development
weight: 60
---

> Learn how to extend your custom application using microservices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to extend your platform with customer-specific functionality by developing and deploying microservices.
```

Reviewer: We must try to get the descriptions on the tiles more or less the same size (ideally 3 rows).
